Questions 
1. Problem statement
2. Approach of EDA data preparation and modelling
3. What other logistics modelling you know and how to conclude best model
4. Assumption of linear regression
5. What is gradient descent and its uses
6. How many unsupervised learning algorithm known
7. How kmean algorithm works
8. How clustering algorithm works.

My viva questions - 
1. Explain problem Statement
2. Explain difficulties faced 
3. Explain logistic model theoretical and mathematical 
4. Explain confusion matrix 
5. Could you matrix be better 
6. What's the business implications 
7. What are the cost functions involved 
6. More questions on subjective questions
7. Difference between linear and logistic regression models
8. When to use which models
9. Explain difference between Mean square error and least squared error
9. Explain PCA 
10. How do determine the cut off values.
11. Questions on SQL
12. Questions on Python .. what is time complexity ... Tell me how to find the smallest value in a list with minimal time complexity
13. Difference between list and tuple 
14. Why and when to use vectorized functions and lambda functions 
15. Do you know about decision trees and random forest method

Questions for my Viva: 
1. Problem Statement 
2. Approach of analysis and model building 
3. How did you choose the cutoff point and why did you choose it as 0.3 in your model? 
4. Why didn't you choose Random Forest or Tree Map instead of Logistic regression for this case study? 
5. What were the top features that influenced for the lead conversion? And explain those features. 
6. What were the techniques that you used to choose the top features? 
7. What was the ratio of hot leads to cold leads? 
8. How did you visualize the box plots? 
9. What is the concept of quantiles in box plots? 
10. Uncountable cross questions on the difference between linear regression and logistic regression
11. What is the central limit theorem in the normal curve? 
12. What is the relationship between mean, median and mode for a normal distribution? 


